Adding Relay testcases (#32987)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/relay/Azure.ResourceManager.Relay/CHANGELOG.md

### Other Changes

## 1.1.0 (2022-12-19)

> Hiding PublicNetworkAccess at namespace API as it is not currently supported.

Reviewer: How about we change it to:
```suggestion
### Features Added

- Added support for PublicNetworkAccess in NetworkRuleSet API as PublicNetworkAccess at Namespace API is not currently available.
```
